(DOCSP-14636): Update threading with thread-safe reference docs (#970)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/ios/advanced-guides/threading.txt

- To keep and share many read-only views of the object in your app, copy
  the object from the {+realm+}.

.. _ios-thread-safe-reference:

Pass Instances Across Threads
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Instances of ``Realm``, ``Results``, ``List``, and managed ``Objects``
are *thread-confined*. That means you may only use them on the thread
where you created them.

You can pass thread-confined instances to another thread as follows:

1. Initialize a :swift-sdk:`ThreadSafeReference <Structs/ThreadSafeReference.html>` with the thread-confined object.
#. Pass the reference to the other thread or queue.
#. Resolve the reference on the other thread's realm by calling :swift-sdk:`Realm.resolve(_:) <Structs/Realm.html#/s:10RealmSwift0A0V7resolveyxSgAA19ThreadSafeReferenceVyxGAA0D8ConfinedRzlF>`. Use the returned object as normal.

.. important::

   You must resolve a ``ThreadSafeReference`` exactly once. Otherwise,
   the source {+realm+} will remain pinned until the reference gets
   deallocated. For this reason, ``ThreadSafeReference`` should be
   short-lived.

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/Threading.codeblock.pass-across-threads.swift
   :language: swift

> You can use ``ThreadSafeReference`` with Realm objects whether they have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use ``ThreadSafeReference`` with {+service-short+} objects whether they have
```

> a primary key or not. You can also use it with lists and results. The

Reviewer: While I naturally think of primary keys as a means of implementing this, is it potentially confusing to mention them here? Would it be better to say "with any realm object"?

Author: The point is that the other option (just query again on the other thread) gets complicated when the object doesn't have a primary key. I'll try to make the connection clearer.
